Log Line:
Journey of disparate characters, three graduates, the father of a hostage, two avaricious thieves, a rape victim, and a journalist. Who is connected by multiple transactions and bizarre coincidences. How do these transactions affect their lives? Form the crux of the story.
Synopsis:
Krishna (28yrs) and his friend Venu (28yrs) were trying to hack mobiles in a restaurant using free Wi-Fi. Asper their plans, they got access to a few mobiles around the table and collect sensitive information to earn money. Meanwhile, when Krishna was trying to access a mobile, he saw "No use of hacking my mobile, because I know who you are" was displayed on it. Krishna was scared and felt tensed about who could be that person and searching for them in the restaurant. A woman named Shashti (32yrs) walked into the restaurant, grabbed the chair, and took a seat at Krishna's table.
Wife Chitrambara (45yrs) and husband Chidambaram (51yrs) went to a party/function. All the other people were asking about their daughter Malini's (24yrs) wedding. They were uncomfortable talking about the topic and trying to skip the conversation, trying to hide something in a way that they are so scared sharing to the public. After facing these situations, they left the party without having supper. 
Malini is staying alone in the room, sleeping for hours, and not talking to anyone in the home. She doesn't know what's happening in her surroundings, living a lonely life. 
Kaushik and his two graduation friends meet at their regular cafe. Those two friends were shocked after listening to the amount, which is huge for a 22-year-old, and decided to earn the amount illegally because they cannot earn within the timeline if they go legally. So, they went to the drug seller and asked him for work. The drug seller took these three graduates to an unknown location and introduced them to his boss. 
Murali (34yrs) returned home from the office in the evening, and his wife Krishnaveni (31yrs) was so tense about her daughter because she does not return from school yet. Murali got to know about his daughter and asked her to relax. “There might be some issue with the auto, don’t be so tensed. She’ll return soon” and left to fresh-up. 
Murali came out from his room, and his wife was still waiting at the main door for her daughter. Murali asked for snacks and started narrating about his meeting with the leadership team. Krishnaveni is least bothered about his metting and leadership team currently. She is totally thinking about her daughter and serving snacks to Murali. As Murali was narrating his story, Krishnaveni got irritated and left the dining table. Meanwhile, the auto wala came and stopped in front of the main gate and asked Krishnaveni whether her daughter returned. 
Krishna and Venu were wondering who she is and why she sat there with them. A sign language was going on between Krishna and Venu. Finally, Shashti revealed that you guys were searching for me before I enter. Krishna and Venu realized the message on the mobile display was hers. Shashti was straightforward and came to the point, saying she know everything about them and wanted to work on an operation. When Krishna questioned what you know about us, Shashti answered from their childhood when they started stealing money from people's pockets, stealing money from ATMs by taking advantage of the loophole. They started hacking mobiles, cards, etc. once the digital transactions started. 
Krishna and Venu were in AWE, they were amazed at how she could know about them, and slowly there was tension and anxiety after listening to Shashti. Shashti repeated that she wanted to collaborate with them on one operation after looking at their question mark faces. Krishna and Venu responded that they do not have any interest to collaborate with someone. Shashti did not convince by the answer and started blackmailing them. She left the table by giving them a day to think about it. Krishna and Venu are in confusion that why she wants to collaborate with us. They had a regular night party and slept like hell.
Slowly days pass, and Malini’s parents stopped attending social gatherings, living a lonely life, and they know for sure that they cannot face society if people know about the things they do not want to share. Parallelly, they hate themselves for leading this kind of life, so they decide to lead life normally like all other people and start looking at matches for their daughter.
Malini is not interested in marriage. She is not able to talk to parents regarding this. She left with no option and decided to meet the groom. 
Kaushik talked to the boss and convinced him that they would accomplish any work. But they need 25L after completion. The boss liked their confidence and give them a task according to his situation and promised to pay double the amount. 
Krishnaveni became so scared of that question from auto wala that she inquired what happened at the school, and she got to know that auto wala delayed going to school because of repair and didn't find her daughter at the main gate. Now, gradually there was an increase in the tension between Murali and Krishnaveni. They called the school principal and inquired whether she left the school or not. After listening to the principal's answer, Krishnaveni yelled at auto wala whether he thoroughly checked all the school surroundings. Autowala replied that he checked everywhere around the school and didn't find her, so he returned to check at home. 
Early in the morning, Shashti rushed into their room. Krishna and Venu were in shock how does she know our private room? Shashti started talking about the operation, as Krishna and Venu do not have any options and started listening to her. She was sharing the details about a gang that is developing step by step in all crimes. The Boss was a drug dealer, Fake currency distributor, Alcohol Mafia, etc. And he planned to do something big such that his network grows globally. And our task is to find out what they are planning for. 
Shashti tried legally in her ways for months, but there was no use. Krishna got to know about the helpless situation of Shashti and started working on the operation. Shashti shared a few mobile numbers and asked them to hack those people, Krishna and Venu shared a malicious link to those numbers and waited for them to click on the link so that they could access their mobile
On the day of Pellichoopulu, Malini is getting ready in her room, and the groom's family has arrived at Malini’s home. Conversations started between the two families elevating their daughter (Bride) and son (groom) to another level. After listening to all these elevations about Malini, she got tensed and started thinking overly about facing the groom when he knows her facts. 
Graduates (Kaushik and his friends) returned to their regular place, and they were in shock after listening to the task which they did not expect.
Now Murali asked about any friends or classmates to whom she talks. The principal answered that she does not talk much as she started expressing herself recently. Murali went to search for her daughter along with the auto wala. They searched all along the way to school. On the way of all the other children who used to come in auto, but they didn't find anything. Krishnaveni also started searching in nearby areas. They searched for many hours and did not find their daughter. 
After a few hours, Krishna and Venu realized that no one from the list had clicked on the link. So now they framed a message which attracts them and shared with those numbers. 
After a few moments, they got access to a few mobiles. They accessed all the contacts in their mobiles and shared malicious links with all the people so that they could monitor the whole network. After getting access, they checked all the messages, monitoring calls, media, etc. And found righthand of the Boss. While accessing his mobile, they lost the connection from his mobile because of the limited network. But Krishna found the exact location of their stay. After a few moments, Krishna was able to access his mobile. Monitored his calls, messages, media, etc., and knows about the major contract that they are going to close in a few days. 
They can't go to the police with insufficient evidence which they have. So, they decided to do a sting operation to collect all the shreds of evidence from that location because Krishna and Venu could not access mobiles due to network issues. But they got a blueprint of the location with limited resources they have. Shashti plans to go inside the location and collect evidence.
Malini decided to be honest and shared her dark past with the groom when they met separately on the balcony. Groom did not utter a word, and Malini was clueless about the groom's expressions. So, she stayed silent on the balcony with a sigh of relaxation. The groom left for the hall, and after a few moments, the whole family left Malini’s home by saying that "they will update the decision after discussing it among themselves." 
Luckily, Graduates found a way out to complete it. They designed, planned for two days, and executed the plan successfully.
As it's been late hours, auto wala dropped Murali at his home and left for his personal work. Murali and Krishnaveni decided to complain to the police. They met the constable and explained the situation. As their daughter was missing only for a few hours, the constable refused to take an FIR. But he extended his help in a different way by giving information about some child labor Mafia. Murali went to those areas and searched for her daughter, but his efforts are wasted in vain. He spent the whole night searching for his daughter. 
They planned accordingly, and Shashti was also ready to go inside the location. As Krishna and Venu have access to the Mobiles, they are monitoring all the calls. Shashti was so doubtful whether she could trust Krishna and Venu, but she does not have any option. So, she decides to leave for the sting operation. According to their plan, Shashti entered the location safely. She tries to capture all the evidence inside the location/warehouse, etc. 
After two days, Groom makes a phone call to Malini’s  father, talked to him and hung up the call. This phone call leads to the life changing transactions in their life, what is that transaction and how does the transaction take a sharp turn in Malini’s life.
Graduates reached the safe location and called the boss to make the transaction happen. After a few hours, a rowdy with some injuries arrived at the location with empty hands and asked about the product which leads to the life changing transactions in Kaushik’s life, and how does the transactions turn his life up and down?
Murali was so tired and not in a position to move his body. He sat on a bench opposite the police station. After a few hours, while he was trying to go inside the police station again. An incident taken place which leads to the life changing transaction, and he experience how does some shocking things happens in his life.
Krishna also went to the location to bring Shashti back according to the plan, and parallelly he was monitoring an important call where they were talking about a transaction of 50L between two persons, Shashti captured all the required evidence and was ready to come out of the location, Krishna is also ready according to the plan, but Krishna made an immediate decision which leads to the life changing transactions, and how does his action results forms the crux of the story.
