Log Line:
Journey of disparate characters, three graduates, the father of a hostage, two avaricious thieves, a rape victim, and a journalist. Who is connected by multiple transactions and bizarre coincidences. How do these transactions affect their lives? Form the crux of the story.

Synopsis:
Rape Victim (Malini)
A wife (45yrs) and husband (51yrs) went to a party/function. All the other people were asking about their daughter Malini's (24yrs) wedding. They were uncomfortable talking about the topic and trying to skip the conversation, trying to hide something in a way that they are so scared sharing to the public. After facing these situations, they left the party without having supper.

Malini is staying alone in the room, sleeping for hours, and not talking to anyone in the home. She doesn't know what's happening in her surroundings, living a lonely life. 
Slowly days pass, and Malini’s parents stopped attending social gatherings, living a lonely life, and they know for sure that they cannot face society if people know about the things they do not want to share. Parallelly they hate themselves for leading this kind of life, So they decide to lead life normally like all other people and start looking at matches for their daughter.

Malini is not interested in marriage. She is not in a position to talk to parents regarding this. She left with no option and decided to meet the groom. 
On the day of Pellichoopulu, Malini is getting ready in her room, and the groom's family has arrived at Malini’s home. Conversations started between the two families elevating their daughter (Bride) and son (groom) to another level. After listening to all these elevations about Malini, she got tensed and started thinking overly about facing the groom when he knows her facts. So she decided to be honest and shared her dark past with the groom when they met separately on the balcony. Groom did not utter a word, and Malini was clueless about the groom's expressions. So she stayed silent on the balcony with a sigh of relaxation. The groom left for the hall, and after a few moments, the whole family left Malini’s home by saying that "they will update the decision after discussing it among themselves." 

After two days, Groom makes a phone call to Malini’s home and says that he is ready to marry Malini, but he demands 25L as a dowry to get convinced after knowing about the dark past of Malini, he hung up the call giving them a one-week timeline. Malini’s father is in shock after knowing about the dowry amount, because they don’t have any financial background to compensate him. Malini’s brother was so frustrated, he is not able to control his anger and burst out saying “Munda.. Nv chesina thappu valle manaki inni kastalu” and left the home. 

Malini was in shock after listening to her brother’s words and went into deep thought. How come it was my mistake when three people forcefully took me to an isolated place, beat me, tied my arms so that I could not defend myself, stripped my clothes, and raped me for hours, one after the other. I lost consciousness, and I was not in a position to understand what was happening to me, and I walked for kilometers half-nakedly. 

Now she realizes that her family did not accept her dark past and treated her like she committed the biggest sins, and when it comes to the limelight, they will not have a prestigious life like before. So her family is living a life of guilt.

Malini went to the lower point, where she was depressed and suffering from suicidal thoughts and nightmares, after reaching the threshold point of depression. She realized that “Accepting herself is more important than someone accepting her". Now she accepts that she has to live with the past and uncovers the scars on her body. she is no more an odd person in society because of her past. And that is the only solution to survive.

Brother returned home on the due date given by the groom. Malini’s father called the groom’s family and asked them to collect the dowry amount. The groom reached home and realized that they did not have any amount. The groom was too angry with Malini’s family and their behavior. He started scolding his father, “pelli choopulu apati nunchi abbadhalu cheppi cheppi… ah bazaru dani naku antakattali ani chusthunnava? ”. After listening to all these conversations, Malini came forward and rejected the groom by saying, “Enni thappulu chesina neku dabbu tho compensate chesthey saripothada? Ala antey nen vyapicharam chesi neku dabbu thechi mohana padesina neku ok kada? ilanti bazaru na kodukuni na bartha ga nenu angeekarinchalenu.”

After listening to these dialogues and the way Malini’s family treats him, the groom loses his temper and makes her dark secret viral. Now society started treating them as a family of prostitutes. Her father could not face all these situations and committed suicide, and Her mother turned into a mentally retired person. Now Malini decides to survive and take care of her family by leading life as before the incident happened. After a few days, some random boys attack Malini after knowing about her past and try to rape her again, but this time Malini is strong enough to protect herself and fights against them.

3 graduates: Kaushik (22yrs) and friends

Kaushik and his two graduation friends meet at their regular cafe. Those two friends were shocked after listening to the amount, which is huge for a 22-year-old, and decided to earn the amount illegally because they can not earn within the timeline if they go legally. So they went to the drug seller and asked him for work. 

The drug seller took these three graduates to an unknown location and introduced them to his boss. Kaushik talked to the boss and convinced him that they would accomplish any work. But they need 25L after completion. The boss liked their confidence and give them a task according to his situation and promised to pay double the amount. 

Graduates returned to their regular place and they were in shock after listening to the task which they did not expect. Luckily they found a way out to complete it. They designed, planned for two days, and executed the plan successfully. So now, they reached the safe location and called the boss to make the transaction happen.

After a few hours, a rowdy with some injuries arrived at the location with empty hands and asked about the product. And Rowdy is trying to cover up the situation when graduates ask about money. Word by word, a heated conversation started between them because of the trust issues. And this led to a fight between those four people (3 graduates and a rowdy). Rowdy, beat them black and blue. And they survived and won over Rowdy because of the unity between them. They tied him up inside the room while he was unconscious. Now they tried calling the boss who assigned them a task, but there was no response from the boss. Graduates keep trying to call the boss, but all the efforts are in vain. 

They waited the whole night for the response. But they did not hear from them. Meanwhile, Kaushik got a call from a person regarding the amount. Kaushik was so frustrated that he decided to call the father of the girl they kidnapped. His friends did not agree with Kaushik’s decision because they knew about her father's financial background. Word by word, they started a verbal fight. Then Kaushik explained his family situation where the groom asked for a dowry to accept his victim sister. Now, even they did not have an option rather than agreeing to Kaushik’s decision. 

Kaushik called the girl's father and asked ransom amount of 25L. and warned him not to complain to the police. They hung up the call and waited for the father’s response. After a few hours, they got a call from the father’s number. But when answered they heard BOSS's voice, who gave them the task to kidnap a girl. Kaushik asked the girl’s father to bring the amount because he does not trust the boss anymore. Kaushik and friends shared the location and time with them for the transaction to happen. 
They planned the transaction in such a way that they should get money from her father at any cost. But after a few moments, they got a call from the girl's father telling that, he lost all the money while coming to the location. Kaushik cross-checked whether her father had money or not. And then they left the location without returning the girl. They slowly slipped into a deep sleep as they were so tired of running behind the money for many days. 

The Next day morning, one of the three friends was watching the live news regarding the BOSS and his gang being arrested by the police for Kidnapping and looking for all the people in his network. They ran away from the location without thinking twice about the child. They returned to their homes on the due date given by the groom.

Father of a hostage: 
Murali (34yrs) returned home from the office in the evening, and his wife Krishnaveni (31yrs) was so tense about her daughter because she does not return from school yet. Murali got to know about his daughter and asked her to relax. There might be some issue with the auto, which she used to travel daily, and left to fresh-up. 

Murali came out from his room, and his wife was still waiting at the main door for her daughter. Murali asked for snacks and started narrating about his meeting with the leadership team. Krishnaveni is least bothered about his lunch at this time. She is totally thinking about her daughter and serving snacks to Murali. As Murali was narrating his story, Krishnaveni got irritated and left the dining table. Meanwhile, the auto wala came and stopped in front of the main gate and asked Krishnaveni whether her daughter returned. 

Krishnaveni became so scared of that question from auto wala that she enquired what happened at the school, and she got to know that auto wala delayed going to school because of repair and didn't find her daughter at the main gate. Now, gradually there was an increase in the tension between Murali and Krishnaveni. They called the school principal and enquired whether she left the school or not. After listening to the principal's answer, Krishnaveni yelled at auto wala whether he thoroughly checked all the school surroundings. Autowala replied that he checked everywhere around the school and didn't find her2, so he returned to check at home. 

Now Murali asked about any friends or classmates to whom she talks. The Principal answered that she does not talk much as she started expressing herself recently. Murali went to search for her daughter along with the auto wala. They searched all along the way to school. On the way of all the other children who used to come in auto but they didn't find anything. Krishnaveni also started searching in nearby areas. They searched for many hours and did not find their daughter. 

As it's been late hours, auto wala dropped Murali at his home and left for his personal work. Murali and Krishnaveni decided to complain to the police. They met the constable and explained the situation. As their daughter was missing only for a few hours, the constable refused to take an FIR. But he extended his help in a different way by giving information about some child labor Mafia. Murali went to those areas and searched for her daughter, but his efforts are wasted in vain. He spent the whole night searching for his daughter. 

He was so tired and not in a position to move his body. He sat on a bench opposite the police station. After a few hours, he got a call. While he was trying to go inside the police station again. He was happy for a fraction of a second after answering the call because it was the kidnapper. Who called for a ransom amount, and he feels sorrow again after listening to the amount. He Hung up the call and started running to his home. He rushed into the bedroom and started throwing all the things which came in midway while he was trying to search for money. 

He collected the amount from every corner of his home and found that he had only 2.5L, which is 10% of the ransom amount. Bawmardi came to give moral support to his wife Krishnaveni, And he was asking for an update on his daughter. Murali and bawmardi called everyone in their circle and collected another 2.5L, so now they have a 5L of amount in total. Bawmardi suggested a financier and called his friend, but there was no response. But he took Murali to the location of the financier. 

After a few moments, the financier answered the call and asked them to come to another location. Bawmardi went inside the godown/room etc. After a few moments, bawmardi asked Murali to come inside. The head of the financier was surprised to see Murali at the location and asked about his story and why does he need money. And he asked to call the kidnappers after listening to his story. Murali got to know that he is the Boss/head of finance who is behind his daughter's kidnap. Murali got so angry that he try to hit the Boss, but he was beaten by other people. 

As per the discussion between the kidnappers and The Boss, murali took the amount and left to bring his child back. He thought he could manipulate everyone and escape once he got his daughter back. But someone stole that amount while he is on-the-way to the location. He called the kidnappers and told them about the theft. The gang and Boss were behind the thief and left Murali alone. 

He keep on searching for his daughter in that unknown location, but he could not find her. He searched for the whole night, and he was so tired because he was running behind something continuously for two days. He hits the current pole and falls down unconsciously. He woke up in the morning when he got a call from his wife and bawmardi, and he ran home again after speaking to them and found that his daughter and the amount were back at home.


Avaricious thieves and A Journalist:
Krishna (28yrs) and his friend Venu (28yrs) were trying to hack mobiles in a restaurant using free WiFi. Asper their plans, they got access to a few mobiles around the table and collect sensitive information to earn money. Meanwhile, when Krishna was trying to access a mobile, he saw "No use of hacking my mobile, because I know who you are" was typed on a document on a mobile. Krishna was scared and felt tensed about who could be that person and searching for them in the restaurant. A woman named Shashti (32yrs) walked into the restaurant, grabbed the chair, and took a seat at Krishna's table. 

Krishna and Venu were wondering who is she and why she sat there with them. A sign language was going on between Krishna and Venu. Finally, Shashti revealed that you guys were searching for me before I enter. Krishna and Venu realized the message on the mobile display was hers. Shashti was straightforward and came to the point, saying she know everything about them and wanted to work on an operation. When Krishna questioned what you know about us, Shashti answered from their childhood when they started stealing money from people's pockets, stealing money from ATMs by taking advantage of the loophole. They started hacking mobiles, cards, etc once the digital transactions started. 

Krishna and Venu were in AWE, they were amazed at how could she know about them, and slowly there was tension and anxiety after listening to Shashti. Shashti repeated that she wanted to collaborate with them on one operation after looking at their question mark faces. Krishna and Venu responded that they do not have any interest to collaborate with someone. Shashti did not convince by the answer and started blackmailing them. She left the table by giving them a day to think about it. 

Krishna and Venu are in confusion that why she wants to collaborate with us. They had a regular night party and slept like hell. Early in the morning, Shashti rushed into their room. Krishna and Venu were in shock how does she know our private room? Shashti started talking about the operation, as Krishna and Venu do not have any options and started listening to her. She was sharing the details about a gang that is developing step by step in all crimes. The Boss was a drug dealer, Fake currency distributor, Alcohol Mafia, etc. And he planned to do something big such that his network grows globally. And our task is to find out what they are planning for. 

Shashti tried legally in her ways for months, but there was no use. Krishna got to know about the helpless situation of Shashti and started working on the operation. Shashti shared a few mobile numbers and asked them to hack those people, Krishna and Venu shared a malicious link to those numbers and waited for them to click on the link so that they could access their mobile. After a few hours, they realized that no one from the list had clicked on the link. So now they framed a message which attracts them and shared with those numbers. 

After a few moments, they got access to a few mobiles. They accessed all the contacts in their mobiles and shared malicious links with all the people so that they could monitor the whole network. After getting access, they checked all the messages,  monitoring calls, media, etc. And found righthand of the Boss. While accessing his mobile, they lost the connection from his mobile because of the limited network. But Krishna found the exact location of their stay. After a few moments, Krishna was able to access his mobile. Monitored his calls, messages, media, etc, and knows about the major contract that they are going to close in a few days. 

They can't go to the police with insufficient evidence which they have. So they decided to do a sting operation to collect all the shreds of evidence from that particular location because Krishna and Venu could not access mobiles because of network issues. But they got a blueprint of the location with limited resources they have. Shashti makes a plan to go inside the location and collect evidence.

They planned accordingly, and Shashti was also ready to go inside the location. As Krishna and Venu have access to the Mobiles, they are monitoring all the calls. Shashti was so doubtful whether she could trust Krishna and Venu, but she does not have any option. So she decides to leave for the sting operation. According to their plan, Shashti entered the location safely. She tries to capture all the evidence inside the location/warehouse, etc. Krishna also went to the location to bring Shashti back according to the plan, and parallelly he was monitoring an important call where they were talking about a transaction of 50L between two persons. Shashti captured all the required evidence and was ready to come out of the location, Krishna is also ready according to the plan, but when he got to know about the person who is carrying 50L he turned down Shashti and chased the person to steal the money. 

High octane car-chasing sequence is going on between Krishna, Venu, and the person who is carrying the amount. Krishna and Venu chased him like hell and finally, they steals the amount by breaking the sunroof of the vehicle. And Shashti got caught by the gang inside the location. Shashti was feeling regretful and angry at herself for trusting Krishna and Venu with this operation after knowing about them. 

The Boss tortured Shashti to a very extreme, they snatched all the secret cameras from Shashti. They were torturing her so much. Krishna is able to see all these torturings which are recorded by her secret cameras, and decides to save her at any cost. The next day Shashti saw a 34yr old Murali talking to the Boss regarding her daughter's kidnap and the need for the amount to save her. Shashti was trying to convey something and asking Father for help, but it is of no use because Murali cannot see Shashti. After a long conversation, the whole gang, the Boss left the location along with Murali. Meanwhile, Krishna came to the location and saved her. Parallelly, Venu went to steal the amount from the father. 

Shashti was so angry with them for such kind of behavior, but there is no time to fight, so they submitted all the evidence to the police. Venu somehow brought all the people to that particular location itself. The police surrounded the location. Arrested the Boss, and released all the children from that location. Krishna and Venu went to save Murali's daughter and dropped her at their home, along with the amount of 25L. 

Shashti meets them again at the same restaurant and is curious to know why they behave like that in that critical situation. Krishna answered her they wanted to stop those transactions so that they could not deliver those 30 children according to their contract with the foreigners. Murali's daughter was the only hope to stop these transactions from happening, so we forcefully behaved in that way. And then they cheer up and celebrate that they have accomplished Mission One.
	
